*PLEASE DO NOT SHARE THIS TO ANYONE WHO ASKS, IF THEY WANT THE MOD TELL THEM TO CONTACT ME THROUGH STEAM AND COMMENT ON MY PROFILE: https://steamcommunity.com/id/Cainnech*
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**General things**

As I've explained, this mod will allow your isotope Sniper Rifle have a Purple color instead of the yucky green one that doesn't even match most skins nor match any Pro killstreak sheen or effect. Showcase reference is in the following link: https://imgur.com/a/pCytsAr and as for a video, it's based on the following mod: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acciw3qkBak

This is strictly only available on the Sniper Rifle. It will not change the isotope colors of other items such as the SMG or other unusual weapons I am able to recolor other unusual effects (i.e: the Scorching Flames becoming Purple instead of Green), but at the moment I am not considering it. The price I can roughly estimate for requests, considering the time it would take, would be 5-10 keys per particle edited, also depending on the complexity of the particle. Perhaps in the future I would be able to edit the actual speed, movements, or even add custom particles to replace some. But I highly doubt I will go that far.

**Please keep in mind that this mod will NOT work on some servers as they will have either sv_pure 2 or sv_pure 1. For example, Skial servers are a no-go. I personally have used flat texture mods on skial and they don't work. The same applies to the Isotope mod. However on UGC servers, it doesn't block it.**

**Also keep in mind that this mod only replaces the color from your perspective. Everyone else will see your isotope effect as the stock color. This will also mean that other isotopes will look purple, just like this one.**

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**How to set it up and how it works**

The way to set this up is simply to extract the .ZIP file into your custom folder.
In the .ZIP file you will see a folder named "carlzaph_particles". If you go inside, it should have many ".pcf" files. These are Valve particle files, AKA the files which contain every unusual effect and other particles (such as the Classic laser) in them. There is also a .txt file named "particles_manifest". This is the file that allows the particles to manifest in the game itself. Take into account that deleting files in the .txt files just to "manifest" the purpleisotope.pcf file will remove all other particles, including unusual effects. This is because, although the Team Fortress 2 Directory has its vanilla particles hidden and recorded in a GCF file (which would usually run without no issue), the .ZIP file you have overrides the functions of the vanilla, stock game. This is, in other words, how HUDS work. They override the available content with custom content. 

Due to the nature of game updates, new unu effects, etc. the particles inside the .ZIP file will become outdated. This means some new unusual effects may not show, if you are using this mod that is, as the new particles aren't in the current mod's files. There is an easy fix to this, which is highlighted below. Apart from that, just extract the ZIP file into your custom folder and it should work in any sv_pure 0 server without any issues. In the case there is an issue (aka missing particles, the isotope not showing) please let me know.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**GCFScape (Nem's tools) and how to update your mod + quick thing**

In the case that Valve releases a new update and also add new particles to the game, your mod wil need updating. For this, you will need to download GCFScape (https://nemstools.github.io/pages/GCFScape-Download.html). This allows you to access the aforementioned GCF files containing the unedited particles. You will open "item.fx" with GCFScape and it will take you to a "subdirectory" of what is inside the file. You will see various folders, but focus on the "particles" one. Open that, and you will see all the new particle files. All you have to do, is highlight all of them, extract them to the carzalph_particles folder and all of the old particles will be replaced and updated. The purpleisotope mod is what will remain. After this you only need to do one more thing. Since you've highlighted everything in the vanilla files, you will also have replaced the "particles_manifest.txt" file. All you really have to do is open the text file, and type !particlesmanifest ".../particles/purpleisotope.pcf" and save the changes so that the file will run the mod. The following imgur link is a rough step-by-step:

One last thing in regards to the mod that you may be wondering is how, in the showcase video, xarq0n manages to use the mod on a Valve server. In basics, xarq0n uses very good cheats which allow him to bypass an usual "check" that Valve servers do. Valve clearly doesn't like modding of sorts of its original assets in their original locations. Thus, Valve implements a server "check" which checks that every particle it has in its internal storage coincides with the particle files that are available on all TF2 directories. This checks that the particles have been unaltered and no form of modding has occurred. If the checks don't match up, Valve simply uses their own particles and the mod may not work on Valve servers (I have not tested this as I don't play casual). What xarq0n's cheats do is fake the check and make it so that his edited particles, internal assets of the game, appear as unaltered, thus succesfully bypass the check. The thing is, if caught faking the checks, you can get VAC banned. This is why xarq0n is able to use the mod in Valve servers. His cheats are just so good that he hasn't been caught despite owning an inventory worth more than $1000. 

Following up to this, **you will not be banned for using the mod**. You're using mods in the allocated "Custom" file. To bypass the check mentioned you would have to edit the items.fx file itself, and that's a nono. It's also why GFCScape doesn't allow editing of the files. You can extract them and edit them to your liking, but you they will only work in the custom folder in an sv_pure 0 that allows these files to run (or if you're lucky, sv_pure 1). There's a way to preload mods so they work into Valve servers, like let's say comp view models which remove spy's revolver hand but leave the watch/Dead Ringer model on so that you know when it's out rather than turning off the entire viewmodel, but I haven't used this, I don't guarantee it working, it takes 15-30 seconds more to load up TF2 and you need some exec commands. If you want that, just try to find it on the internet. However from what i'm aware of, with the isotope mod anyways, it's the same concept as having a flat textures mod, or a skinchanger for making your Awper Hand have a CSGO skin and model. They aren't changing anything inside of the vanilla files, you're just overriding these with a custom mod in the allocated custom folder. Though HUDS are completely different. These work in any sv_pure server, even if it's sv_pure 0, 1 or 2. After all, sv_pure 2 servers have been made so that they accept custom HUDS **only**.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*I accept and appreciate key or item donations*
